Path mention added (#81)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/site_organization/site_factory.md

    ![Site skeleton toggle](img/site_factory_skeleton_toggle.png)
    
    Next, you can decide if the site will go live after creation or will be offline with the Status switcher.
    In this section you also define the SiteAccess URL addresses with optional paths, main languages, and fallback languages of the site.
    
    !!! note "Path limitation"
    
        The path can be only one directory deep. 

>         Do not use longer paths, for example, `/en/articles`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Do not use longer paths, for example, `/en/articles` is incorrect.
```

>         Do not use longer paths, for example, `/en/articles`.

Reviewer 2: How about also:
```suggestion
        Do not use paths that have more than one element. For example, `/en/articles` is incorrect.
```
